well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna start off
with a story when I was about 21 over my
buddy's house we're gonna go out that
night his ex showed up who has never
been nominated for mother of the year
with four kids only one of which he knew
was a little guy
she brought nothing with him no food
juice cups anything like that and she
took off now
five minutes later of course the
youngest one is hungry the little guy
now at this point in my life I would not
even know what to look for
well going to the store to buy baby
formula so I stayed there with kids when
he ran to town the town and back was
about 40 45 minutes back then there's
one thing I learned that day it doesn't
matter how much you try to play with him
how much you hold him talk to him if a
baby is hungry he will not stop crying
that's what I learned that day so good
news though the Trump administration is
going to pull a whole bunch of people
out of poverty they're not actually
doing anything better their situation
they're just going to redefine what
poverty is after two hours of reading
what I have basically found out is that
they're going to go to something called
chained CPI they want to in English what
chained CPI is it means that cost of
living increases the inflation things
like this they're not really counted the
way they should be so it appears that a
whole bunch of people came out of
poverty when in reality they're in the
exact same situation they were they're
just now not getting benefit
so it's a great way to not only give you
a great false statistic for your
campaign but also you know go ahead and
kick the little guy who's in trouble the
way this would work right now if you got
a family of four I think twenty five
thousand nine hundred dollars is poverty
level so with the adjustments if you're
making that you're no longer getting
benefits more importantly with the way
our economy is actually going if you
make twenty six thousand dollars either
next year and because your wages won't
go up but cost of living well you won't
get help either the money that you've
paid in for these programs you're not
going to get back now $25,000 is twenty
five thousand nine hundred dollars is
our current poverty level for that
however if you ask the average American
what you need to be out of poverty with
a family for they're gonna tell you
fifty five thousand dollars a year twice
as much 48% of Americans feel they
cannot find a good job with decent wages
forty two percent cannot pay their
credit card balance 137 million are
struggling to pay for health care and
eighty percent are living paycheck to
paycheck that is the actual state of the
economy I know there's a whole bunch of
news articles saying that the economy is
doing great
and it is for those people at the top
for everybody else not so much for
eighty percent of Americans read
something saying that most Americans
could not handle a four hundred dollar
emergency
so that's where we're really act and
rather than actually attempting to solve
these problems we're just gonna redefine
it I'm gonna cook the books like some
con man who found a way to run a casino
out of business see the problem with
looking at the top is that they're not
the important ones and I don't mean that
in the philosophical sense of you judge
a country by how it treats its worst off
I mean that in the sense of those at the
bottom shape a lot of things a lot of
things babies don't stop crying when
they're hungry what are they going to do
probably won't be legal whatever it is
and can you blame them I mean really
that baby's not gonna stop crying you
have to find a way to feed it
armed robbery dealing drugs what I'm not
sure that I can really fault it either I
understand it's not right but I dealt
with it for 45 minutes to remember at
all this time later these programs
because of the way our economy is
because our capitalist class is not
acting like capitalists are not actually
investing and creating jobs although we
constantly call them job creators these
benefit programs entitlement programs as
people sometimes like to call them
that's just crime insurance at this
point because if you get rid of them
you're gonna see an uptick in crime
you're gonna have to they have to find a
way to feed that crying baby maybe it
would be better if we didn't cook the
books and we actually took some steps to
try to fix the fact that 80% of
Americans are living paycheck to
paycheck that might be a better starting
point than just trying to come up with a
fake statistic for your campaign anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night